Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
THE JUDGE RETURNS
This is where it ends.
It's so unfair to die like this.
When I've only begun
to want to live
as the real Lee Han-young now.
EPISODE 1
The Seoul Metropolitan Council has passed
the 18th ordinance of 2025
to expel all the homeless on the streets
for improved city aesthetics
and public safety.
The ordinance. otherwise referred to
as "The Urban Homeless Removal Policy"
allows the police and security guards
to evict any homeless
from key urban areas immediately.
This has left the homeless
to hide in underpasses.
abandoned buildings. and sewers
angering human rights organizations
that describe it
as "an erasure of people."
A family of three was found dead
in a semi-basement unit in Hanyang City.
Power and water had already been cut off
from the unit
and all that was found was a pizza box
that the family seemed to have eaten from
as their last meal.
The police speculate
that the couple. struggling in poverty
killed their young son
before taking their own lives.
A stack of overdue bills
and scrap papers was found
in the unit
and there was no money at all
in their bank accounts.
The public is in absolute shock
by the family's tragic story
caused by financial hardship.
KOREA IN 2035. WHERE EARNEST PEOPLE THRIVE
S GROUP. THE GROUP OF EARNESTNESS
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
Gojin Chemical must acknowledge
its workplace injuries!
- Acknowledge them!
Gojin Chemical must apologize
to the nation!
- Apologize!
We demand
that the Judiciary punish Gojin Chemical!
- Punish them!
Gojin Chemical must acknowledge
its workplace injuries!
- Acknowledge them!
Gojin Chemical must apologize
to the nation!
- Apologize!
I know it's a tough world
but they can't do anything about laws.
The lawbreakers will be punished
and everyone here will have
their hospital bills paid for.
along with compensation.
So. I need you
to stay strong
and take care of your health.
Do you understand?
Hello.
Hello. Mr. Attorney.
- Thanks for coming.
- Hello.
It must be so rough.
Indeed. Please help us.
We demand
that the Judiciary punish Gojin Chemical!
- Punish them!
Gojin Chemical must acknowledge
its workplace injuries!
- Acknowledge them!
They're all bark. and no bite.
This isn't our first time. Don't worry.
We demand
that the Judiciary punish Gojin Chemical!
- Punish them!
Gojin Chemical must acknowledge
its workplace injuries!
- Acknowledge them!
No dog can bark in court.
Gojin Chemical must apologize
to the nation!
- Apologize!
Out with S Group!
- Out!
Guarantee our rights to survival!
- Let us live!
Out with S Group!
- Out!
Help!
Father?
PRESIDING JUDGE LEE HAN-YOUNG
- Ready?
- Yes. sir.
Yes. sir.
Everyone. please stand.
COURT
THE JUDGE RETURNS
CHIEF JUDGE.
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
Block all entrances at arrival.
from underground levels to the rooftop.
If we overlook a single piece of paper
they'll strike us back.
And it'll be over for us.
Got it.
I don't have time to chit-chat.
So. this crazy bitch is serious
about causing a scene?
They should be on standby by now.
GENERAL MANAGER OF S GROUP. HAN JEONG-HUN
They'll be there any minute.
Yes. sir.
Thank you. Mr. Baek.
Mr. Han!
This is an official duty.
Please step aside.
I don't remember Korea being an anarchy.
What are you doing?
This is the search-and-seizure warrant
for the Chairman's Office
and Future Vision Office at S Group.
Sure. let's follow the law.
The Chairman's Office is on the 52nd floor
and the Future Vision Office on the 47th!
- Yes. sir!
That's not working. either?
How childish.
Over here!
Only the Chairman can use that.
Oh. no.
I don't have the key. either.
Let's take a break.
Aren't we in big trouble
if we miss even a piece of paper?
It's fine.
You got any cigarettes?
What?
NO SMOKING
Wait. I thought the prosecutor was
a woman?
30 MINUTES AGO
We will begin the session
for Case 2035N9722
regarding the workplace injury claims
against Gojin Chemical.
Twenty-four employees
including Plaintiff Han Na-yeong.
at the Yeoju branch of Gojin Chemical
have been diagnosed
with acute leukemia and brain tumors.
Not only that.
but nine people have already passed away
all of whom were
in their twenties and early thirties.
Counsel
is there anything new
other than what we know?
Pardon?
Your Honor
all air flow is blocked off
at Gojin Chemical's work stations
to block out toxic chemicals.
SONG NA-YEON
LEGAL CORRESPONDENT AT DAEJIN DAILY
Exposure to Benzene or Formaldehyde
even at the slightest. can cause leukemia.
The Plaintiff is making a one-sided claim.
Yes. both parties are valid.
Counsel for the Defendant
you requested an evaluation
of the factory's conditions
and their correlations
to the employees' diagnoses of leukemia
is that right?
Yes. Your Honor.
I'd like to recommend
Dr. Kim Seok-hyeon of Hanguk University
for the task.
I'd like Gwangmin Law Firm
to take this case.
Oh. no.
I'm the partner at Haenal Law Firm.
I know very well
that your son-in-law is a judge.
I also know
that Haenal uses Gwangmin.
its shell company
in all cases he's a part of.
This case will determine
Gojin Chemical's fate.
Sure. a former judge is great
but not as great as a working one.
Gojin Chemical is
quite the lucky company.
The case involves
nine deaths
and twenty-four leukemia diagnoses.
We agreed
on a partial win for the Plaintiff
so slap on some fine and close the case.
Yes. sir.
A partial win for the Plaintiff?
Yes.
Just enough punishment to show
Gojin Chemical's effort.
It'll damage the company's reputation
and the revenue will drop.
But if the Plaintiff's claim is dismissed
the court will be to blame.
The extra charge is
300 million won in bearer bonds.
Even bolder than your father-in-law.
Make it an express delivery.
By the way
is this really okay? You're a judge.
It's okay because I'm a judge.
Thought he was a puppet for his in-laws.
But no. he's a snake.
If a CEO can take its employees' lives
why can't a judge do this?
According to the research experiment
the toxic chemicals found
at the Yeoju factor were
within the acceptable range.
PLAINTIFF
Dr. Kim
was the experiment conducted
in the exact conditions at the factory?
No. we can't say
the conditions match exactly 100%.
But I can confirm as an expert
that all factors were considered
as appropriately as possible.
Could there have been procedural errors
or other variables?
That's less than 1% likely.
What's going on?
What?
What are the prosecutors doing here?
CHOI JONG-HAK
CEO OF S CONSTRUCTION
Damn it!
Mr. Jang. we have an emergency.
- Stop!
- There are...
You can't barge in like this!
I'm Kim Jin-a of the Specialized Division
at the Seoul Central Prosecutors' Office.
We'll begin the search and seizure
of S Group now.
Mr. Jang! Chairman!
I know we caught you off guard.
I'm Prosecutor Kim Jin-a
of the Seoul Central Prosecutors' Office.
It's been a minute. huh?
See you soon.
Sure. see you soon.
Man. that was hard.
JANG TAE-SIK. CHAIRMAN OF S GROUP
QUOTES AND BILLS
What's the password?
What?
110456.
You can come out now. Mr. Kim.
The Plaintiff's claim
about the causal link
between the factory's toxic chemicals
and the diagnoses was not established.
I pronounce
that the Plaintiffs' claims are
hereby dismissed.
What does "dismissed" mean?
What punishment are they getting?
It means they're not in the wrong
and so. are proven innocent.
- They're innocent.
- What?
They're innocent?
How are they innocent?
My baby is dying of an illness
from working at your factory.
How can the Chairman be innocent?
How is that possible?
Why?
Where's justice in the system?
How can we live on.
knowing we weren't heard?
How do you expect us to live on like this?
PLAINTIFF
Oh. no!
What's wrong?
Please. Na-yeong!
Look at this blood.
What do I do?
What do we do?
I'm sorry. Grandma.
I've caused you so much trouble.
My baby!
My Na-yeong...
My poor baby.
What do we do now?
My baby...
What do I do about my poor baby?
My Na-yeong...
LADY JUSTICE'S SCALES
I hear you dismissed the case.
I didn't ask you to go that far.
So why?
Just do as much as they pay you!
You think they'll appreciate it
if you do more?
They'll only ask for a discount.
I'll keep that in mind.
He definitely made
another deal with Gojin.
So greedy for a nobody.
A puppet needs to be ambitious
to work for a master.
If a puppet has no ambition
how can I make him work?
I'm Ju Yeong-ho. a second-grader.
Is this for me?
Sure. thanks.
I won first place in running
on sports day.
Wow. that's impressive.
Thank you.
Are you a professional runner?
No.
If you're not a professional
why are you running so hard?
What?
GOJIN CHEMICAL CASE
JUDGE LEE HAN-YOUNG OF SEOUL HIGH COURT
DISMISSES NINE DEATHS
The 25-year-old lady with leukemia waited
for the law to save her
from her workplace injury.
However. the court ruled
her proof to be insufficient
excusing the corporate
of responsibilities.
That afternoon. the woman jumped
from her hospital building.
Reporter Choi will speak more on the case.
At a hospital in Seoul.
a woman is seen on the CCTV
leaving the elevator
in her wheelchair.
She's Ms. Han Na-yeong.
who was diagnosed with leukemia
after working
at Gojin Chemical in Yeoju.
Earlier this day
the Seoul High Court concluded
that Gojin Chemical was innocent
and a few hours later.
she jumped from the hospital rooftop.
She left a message before taking her life.
"I don't want to burden my grandmother.
who lives on selling junk."
This short but tragic sentence shows
how desperate she'd been
for the law to restore justice.
Gojin got away with nine deaths.
Is this really fair. Your Honor?
They left the world in desperation.
The law neglected them again.
Judge Lee. does death mean nothing to you?
Perpetrators are protected
while victims die.
What a sad world we live in.
If you're not a professional.
why are you running so hard?
You're right.
I really don't know anymore.
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
GO JIN-GYU. CEO OF GOJIN CHEMICAL
100 MILLION WON
The extra charge is
300 million won in bearer bonds.
Is this really okay? You're a judge.
It's okay because I'm a judge.
It's your mother's birthday. right?
She called me earlier.
That was unexpected.
considering how she never calls.
Come on. Sit.
She asked me how you were doing.
I guess she wants her son
to congratulate her.
Why can't she call you straight. then?
If she can't even call his son
how can he congratulate her?
I was going to mail it.
You think
this would suit my mother?
I don't know.
Do I have to consider her taste. too?
The receipt is inside.
She can exchange it. get a refund.
or whatever she wants
if she doesn't like it.
I did my part as her daughter-in-law.
Sure.
You're the best at being
the worst daughter-in-law.
No!
Father!
I wonder if he recognized me.
Mother.
Happy birthday.
I was wondering
why it was my birthday today. of all days.
I guess it came to bring you here.
I'm glad you came.
Had you not come
I would've visited you myself.
It's your birthday. Of course. I'd come.
Where are you going?
My neighbor's granddaughter took her life.
She puked blood in court yesterday.
People told me
some jerk of a judge
basically cut the last string
of this dying woman.
I'm sure you know
who the jerk of the judge is.
Let's go.
We have to go
and apologize to the living. at least.
No.
I followed the law
which means
I have nothing to apologize for.
You shouldn't go. either.
Why not?
Because they'll try to kill me
for being the mother of that jerk?
You're causing trouble for yourself.
Don't go.
Are you sure you made a fair judgment?
Yes.
No.
There's no point in asking you this.
Anyone would know it in their hearts.
But
if you still insist that you were fair
look me straight in the eyes and tell me.
"Mother"
"I made a fair judgment."
"I'm a judge of justice."
Then. I'll believe you.
no matter what. okay?
I'll say.
"My son isn't a jerk of a judge."
"He swears by being a fair judge."
And I won't hold back
if anyone ever tries to badmouth you.
How did my son become this way?
Mother!
It's only a mother's duty
to let people beat her
when her son has done wrong.
Mother...
There's our Chief Justice Kang!
Here.
Well
some crazy bitch named Kim Jin-a robbed
our S Group of everything.
I'll take care of it.
I know it's not for free.
Don't tell me that'll cost me more
than what I've lost.
It's the entire S Group.
Okay. fine.
Kang Sin-jin speaking.
Hello. Chief Justice Kang.
As you must know. S Group is in a pickle.
How about Judge Lee Han-young?
As long as we get paid right
he'll be the best judge.
We'll get rid of everything
that may get in our way in court.
Bye. then.
Who's Lee Han-young?
Some guy.
Haenal Law Firm's puppet son-in-law.
So
His master decides his ruling?
The master always controls the puppet.
YU SEON-CHEOL. PARTNER AT HAENAL
Hello.
Right now?
Yes. sir.
Did you need me. sir?
He's Lee Han-young
the judge for S Group's case.
I see.
Nice to meet you.
Say hello to Mr. Jang Tae-sik.
the Chairman of S Group.
Hello. sir.
Where's your precious judge son?
Why are you here instead?
Why didn't you bring that jerk of a judge?
Why are you the only one here?
I'm so sorry.
About what?
If you're really sorry
bring your damn son
who dismissed the case
and killed Na-yeong!
I'm sorry.
- My Na-yeong!
- I'm sorry.
Bring my Na-yeong back alive!
- My Na-yeong...
- I'm sorry.
Bring my Na-yeong back to life!
The prosecutors took some documents
that prove S Group's embezzlement. right?
Embezzlement?
That's all my money.
The documents also include information
on the slush fund made with that money.
So?
Embezzlement and slush fund?
As long as the Chairman takes
all the blame for them
it'll be fine.
You said you had something to get rid of.
Pour him a glass.
Yes. sir.
What an honor it is
to have a judge pour for me.
He's not a judge in this room.
He's a part of Haenal Law Firm.
Okay.
Cheers.
What are you doing?
EMERGENCY MEDICAL CENTER
Doctor. a cardiac arrest!
- Starting CPR right now! Lower the bed!
- Yes. sir.
Charge the paddles!
Yes. all ready.
SUPREME COURT
Make sure Judge Lee is assigned
on the S Group case.
The Plaintiff from the Gojin case died
and he's getting a lot of backlash.
And he's on leave
due to his mother's death.
As soon as he's back
I'll move him to the Criminal Division
and assign him to the case.
And the Chairman of S Group?
It'll all be sorted by tomorrow.
Okay.
From embezzlement to slush fund
all the proof is here.
From fraudulent loans
to illicit lobbying charges.
You'll serve a life sentence
if you take all the blame.
Did Chairman Jang promise
to throw you a lifeline for this?
I doubt it.
I bet he's planning your funeral
and choosing your casket
just about now.
Think about your family.
Ms. Kim.
What now?
Judge Lee Han-young is joining
the Criminal Division.
What? Who?
Haven't you heard
all the rumors about him?
It sounds like S Group plotted this.
Is that right?
Look into it. Hurry.
Okay.
Have some.
Go ahead.
It'll get cold. Dig in.
Don't worry about your family.
If you don't take it.
it'll only get harder.
At the detention center.
Not here.
- Hello.
- Hello. sir.
Are you moving to the Criminal Division
at the Central Court from tomorrow?
Yes. sir.
Okay.
Now that I think about it
Mr. Yu at Haenal Law Firm really loves
his son-in-law. huh?
He graduated from a mid-tier school
with okay grades in training
then became Haenal's son-in-law
the year he became
a full-fledged prosecutor.
Since then
he's been the judge
for every case taken by Gwangmin Law Firm
that has a 100% success rate.
Haenal didn't gain a son-in-law.
They made an ally.
Thanks to that. he became
the first presiding judge in his cohort.
What a bitch.
But he's known to be relatively fair
in every case
that Gwangmin isn't involved in.
So. not a total bitch?
Judge Lee's father has Alzheimer's.
He's at a care home in Gwacheon.
Man...
You know how much it is
to stay there per year?
It's 200 million won.
Yu Se-hee pays for his stay.
That's Judge Lee's wife.
His wife's family definitely spoils him
but he owns nothing in his name.
I'm sure he's just hiding his wealth.
What else?
Gambling addiction? Messy love life?
He's Haenal Law Firm's puppet judge.
We need something on him. too.
Judge Lee has two nicknames
one being "a puppet for his in-laws."
Have you ever seen
a puppet getting paid by his master?
He has no secret boos. nor does he gamble.
He's an obedient bitch. so to say.
And the other one?
You said he had two nicknames.
"Six and Done."
"Six and Done"?
That's definitely gambling-related.
I already told you. He doesn't gamble.
He goes home right at 6 p.m..
so "Six and Done."
How's that possible for a judge
working in Korea?
It's possible for Haenal's son-in-law.
They give him just enough cases
to keep him working.
You have to get something on him yourself.
Bye.
Hey! Inmate 522!
Look at me!
What?
How did you...
even let this happen?
What should we do?
If the public finds out.
they'll call it a coercive investigation.
Should I set a press embargo
for the legal press corps?
No.
Suggest an internal foul play
by someone in the prosecution.
At least one person will come and beg
for help. then.
CHECK FOR 50.000.000 WON
Han-young!
My Han-young.
You have to become a judge.
Why are you telling me to become one
when I already have. years ago?
No. I don't even know
if I'm the judge you wanted me to be.
What a great son you have.
You're Judge Lee Han-young. right?
I'm Kim Jin-a at the Specialized Division
at the Seoul Central Prosecutors' Office.
I'll see you in court soon.
You know Chairman Jang Tae-sik of S Group.
I'm prosecuting him.
I hit S Group's biggest reservoir
and I guess that terrified the higher-ups.
I didn't expect them to bring
a civil judge from the High Court
to the Criminal Division.
Sure. you can act naive all you want.
But follow the law this time.
Or I'll make sure I bring you down
in every way.
I graduated second in class
from Hanguk Law School.
Not only am I smart.
but I have one hell of a temper. too.
You don't seem smart.
based on what you're doing.
I guess you agree
that I'm one hell of a bitch. then.
If you want to keep playing puppet
for your in-laws
let's respect the law this time. alright?
I'm requesting a stenographer
and an audio recording in court.
Don't bother. I'll reject it.
Why?
You scared?
That means you lose.
Breaking news.
CEO Choi Jong-hak of S Construction
was found unconscious this morning
at the detention center in Seoul.
Choi was immediately taken to the hospital
but did not survive.
The police are investigating the case
with suicide in consideration.
Considering his being a key figure
in the prosecution's investigation...
Mr. Choi Jong-hak.
He didn't kill himself.
There are also speculations
of external pressure or interference.
The prosecution confiscated
S Construction's internal account book
which showed embezzlements in billions...
Did you get anything on him?
No. I just gave him a warning.
I doubt that it worked. though.
You should've scared him with your temper.
I know. I regret not having done it. too.
Damn it.
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT PROSECUTORS' OFFICE
- Excuse me!
- Over here!
- Any words on the case?
- Please tell us.
- Over here!
- Please!
Your Honor. can we expect
a fair judgment today?
Will the death of S Construction's CEO
affect the ruling?
Mr. Lee!
Mr. Lee. please say something...
Will you be fair in court today?
Please say something. Mr. Lee.
- Please get out of my way.
- Sir!
The prosecution is investigating
CEO Jang Tae-sik of S Group
for embezzlement. slush funds.
and obtaining fraudulent loans.
The court will make a fair call
based on the law and principles.
Please step aside.
Please say one more thing. sir!
- Mr. Lee!
- Please get out!
Hello. sir.
You two were appointed together. right?
Yes. sir.
Are you two close?
Well. we're not on bad terms.
That's great.
Don't you want to know
who killed the CEO of S Construction?
The prosecution's coercive investigation?
Ever heard of someone "getting suicided"?
Time to look for the murderer.
What's the point in looking
when the court would rule them
as innocent. anyway?
Just as long as you promise
to follow the law
I can even take my panties off
and beg you. naked.
Oh. no.
That wouldn't work on you.
I'd have to do that
with Mr. Yu. the partner at Haenal.
Have you lost your mind?
This is proof of all the embezzlement
and slush funds by Jang Tae-sik.
KIM YONG-JIN.
ACCOUNTING MANAGER OF S CONSTRUCTION
I hear you're always dying
to prosecute S Group.
Is that your life's mission?
Or is it for personal vendetta?
Both.
I went after Jang Tae-sik
as soon as I became a prosecutor.
Not even righteous. huh?
CRIMINAL CASE RECORDS
OF THE FIRST INSTANCE
Lunchtime.
Can't. I'm busy.
What a complicated case. huh?
Not really.
PRESIDING JUDGE LEE HAN-YOUNG
You need help with anything?
Lunchtime is over soon.
Where's the written judgment?
Yes.
The session for the S Group is
in two days.
He should have the first draft
of the written judgment by now.
I'll check at lunch.
Okay.
You still here?
I'm leaving.
THE 18TH JUDGE ROOM OF CRIMINAL DIVISION
PRESIDING JUDGE LEE HAN-YOUNG
He's a mid-tier college graduate
with no strings.
Why did Haenal Law Firm even pick the guy?
I'm so much better.
I don't think
the written judgment draft is ready
but I'm getting a bad feeling.
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
I guess
you're finally joining Haenal Law Firm?
Seon-cheol. it's me.
Judge Lee just submitted
his letter of resignation.
Do you know about this?
Let's grab dinner.
What. you can't eat without me?
Not with me.
With the Justice.
Thank you.
A Chief Research Commissioner
at the Supreme Court is
about to end their term.
We need someone
to fill the spot immediately.
That's too bad.
Had I known about it sooner.
I wouldn't have resigned.
You resigned?
I visited the Chief Justice
on my way out today.
Did Mr. Yu allow it?
Would Mr. Yu have approved of it?
You'd know by now.
Your resignation won't be accepted
for a while.
Chief Justice Kang is
very interested in the upcoming trial.
The Supreme Court is
much bigger than it seems.
Consider other positions
if you don't want to be a researcher.
While you prepare for S Group's trial.
of course.
The prosecution will reassign the case
after the first trial.
A different prosecutor will handle
the appeal.
But
Judge Lee Han-young is the issue.
He rejected a new position offer
at the Supreme Court
saying he'd resigned.
I didn't expect him to change so quickly.
That's pesky.
Yes. Chief Justice.
I guess your son-in-law doesn't respect
his father-in-law enough.
HAENAL LAW FIRM
Sit.
You only talk in court?
Where's my "Hey. there.
How have you been doing?"
Oh.
Is that insulting since you're older?
Hello.
See? How nice is that?
So nice to greet each other in the family.
You resigned?
Yes. sir.
Take care of S Group's case
and join my firm.
No. I'd like to be independent.
Dad. what is he even saying?
Did another law firm make an offer?
That'd be fun.
To see Haenal's son-in-law work
for another law firm.
No. sir.
It's nothing like that.
Whatever it is. we'll talk later.
Presiding Judge Lee Han-young.
Here's a delivery for you.
HAENAL LAW FIRM
What is it?
The final verdict for S Group's case.
A judge's robe signifies
his judicial rights
given by the people of the nation.
From this moment on
Haenal Law Firm will join in
on having those holy rights.
It's been ten damn years
since I started living as the puppet
for Haenal Law Firm.
Are you
now controlling what I say
for the final verdict now?
Join my firm
after this case.
I'd like to be on my own.
That wouldn't free you
from being my son-in-law!
Which is why I'm getting a divorce. too.
Dad
this is why you don't teach your puppet
that money is sweet.
A puppet.
Whatever it is
you can't do anything
until you close S Group's case.
Nothing at all.
My deal with Haenal Law Firm
ends right now.
Should we have a kid. too?
Not that I'll have one.
Find a girl to have one for us.
Let's get a divorce.
You got a new girlfriend?
Just bring a kid to me.
If you don't have one. get on it now.
I'd prefer a daughter.
I told your father.
You can't break up with me.
We break up
when I want to.
Don't come home
until I tell you to.
Dad
this is why you don't teach your puppet
that money is sweet.
I've been such an idiot this whole time.
You moron. Go die!
Huh?
- Hey.
- What did you just say?
What did you just say to me?
- Cut it out.
- Let go!
Die. you moron!
You piece of shit.
Hey.
Hey. that's enough.
Cut it out.
Just stop it.
Stop it. Let's go.
Come on.
Damn it. Let's go.
A train is coming.
Please do not cross.
My neighbor's granddaughter took her life.
I pronounce
that the Plaintiffs' claims are...
Some jerk of a judge...
- dismissed.
- Basically cut the last string...
How are they innocent?
How is that possible?
This is why you don't teach your puppet
that money is sweet.
Where's justice in the system?
How can we live on.
knowing we weren't heard?
How do you expect us to live on like this?
How did my son become this way?
COURT
It's time. What's taking him so long?
He should come in soon. sir.
You know it's game over for people I hire
when they don't do their jobs right.
Yes. sir. I know it very well.
Everyone. please stand.
Everyone. please be seated.
JUDGE
Defendant Jang Tae-sik is
a mere victim
of the absurd and inappropriate
embezzlement and slush funds
by Choi Jong-hak.
the CEO of S Construction.
However
his employee's wrongdoing is
also a flaw of Chairman Jang.
I apologize.
Not only did Defendant Jang Tae-sik
only use S Construction
for embezzlement and slush funds
in the past ten years
but he is also blaming
the late CEO Choi Jong-hak
for his wrongdoings.
Accordingly
under the Act on the Aggravated Punishment
of Specific Economic Crimes
I request that the court sentence Mr. Jang
to six years' imprisonment
and a fine of 12 billion won.
Don't worry.
Defendant. please rise.
The verdict is ready.
JUDGE
The court sentences the Defendant
to ten years in prison
and 24 billion won.
I am ordering
an immediate detention of the Defendant.
- What? What's going on?
- Your Honor!
Jin-a. ten years!
There's no way it's this easy.
Do you have anyone to notify
of your detention?
Is he crazy?
Hey! Get down right here.
Detention?
- Please calm down.
- Ten years?
- Please.
- Let go!
Judge Lee!
Start over!
Hey!
JUDGE
SEOUL CENTRAL DISTRICT COURT
YU SEON-CHEOL. PARTNER AT HAENAL
Do you realize what you've done?
He can file an appeal.
What did you just say?
What the hell are you doing?
This is hilarious.
Did you want to leave me that badly?
I'll send the divorce papers.
PRESIDING JUDGE LEE HAN-YOUNG
DEFENDANT
Defendant Lee Han-young
murdered his accomplice
and blackmailed him.
Hence. the prosecution files charges
against Mr. Lee Han-young.
Defendant. do you admit to the charges?
No.
No!
Defendant!
I didn't do it!
I didn't do it.
I'm...
I'm innocent.
I'm innocent!
THE JUDGE RETURNS
I'll prove my own innocence.
There's no way you can handle it alone.
You piece of shit!
This is what happens
when a shithead tries to be a judge!
When I've only begun to want to live
as the real Lee Han-young now.
2025?
I've come exactly ten years back in time.
Kim Sang-jin!
Arrest him right now. Or she'll die.
- How did you know?
- Don't you read case files?
But you let him out.
Why did you do that?
That's right. I'm a judge.
Let's put him on trial together.
I must find proof
that Kim Sang-jin is a serial killer.
Subtitles by Min-sun Kim
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm